Psalm 113 praise the Lord praise o
Psalm 113 praise the Lord praise o servants of the Lord praise the name of
servants of the Lord praise the name of
servants of the Lord praise the name of the Lord blessed be the name of the Lord
the Lord blessed be the name of the Lord
the Lord blessed be the name of the Lord from this time forth and forevermore
from this time forth and forevermore
from this time forth and forevermore from the rising of the Sun to its going
from the rising of the Sun to its going
from the rising of the Sun to its going down the Lord's name is to be praised
down the Lord's name is to be praised
down the Lord's name is to be praised the Lord is high above all nations his
the Lord is high above all nations his
the Lord is high above all nations his glory above the heavens who is like the
glory above the heavens who is like the
glory above the heavens who is like the Lord our God who dwells on high who
Lord our God who dwells on high who
Lord our God who dwells on high who humbles himself to behold the things
humbles himself to behold the things
humbles himself to behold the things that are in the heavens and in the earth
that are in the heavens and in the earth
that are in the heavens and in the earth he raises the poor out of the dust and
he raises the poor out of the dust and
he raises the poor out of the dust and lifts the needy out of the ash heap that
lifts the needy out of the ash heap that
lifts the needy out of the ash heap that he may seed him with Prince's with the
he may seed him with Prince's with the
he may seed him with Prince's with the princes of his people he grants the
princes of his people he grants the
princes of his people he grants the barren woman a home like a joyful mother
barren woman a home like a joyful mother
barren woman a home like a joyful mother of children praise the Lord